Code of Conduct

Our Pledge
We as members, contributors, and maintainers pledge to make participation in our community a harassment‑free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Taking responsibility for mistakes and learning from them
* Focusing on what is best for the overall community

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others’ private information without explicit permission
* Any conduct that could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

Enforcement Responsibilities
Community maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior. They will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct.

Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples include using an official email address, posting via official social media accounts, or acting as an appointed representative at an event.

Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the project maintainers. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Enforcement Guidelines
Maintainers will follow these general guidelines when determining consequences:

1. Correction – A private, written warning providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate.
2. Warning – A formal warning with consequences for continued behavior.
3. Temporary Ban – A temporary restriction from participation in community spaces.
4. Permanent Ban – A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.

Attribution
This Code of Conduct is inspired by the Contributor Covenant and adapted for this project’s needs.

For more information about open source codes of conduct, please refer to community best practices and governance documentation.
